Docs--cards-v2-updated (#1691)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/cards.mdx

  <AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

<InlineNotification>

All cards have been updated to follow the guidance for base and clickable [tiles](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/usage/) from Carbon Design System.

</InlineNotification>

## Overview

Cards present content with calls to action in a concise yet engaging style. [Card](#card) is often used to navigate
users throughout IBM.com. [Card link](#card-link) is presented within the context of other content and
provides a path to more information about the subject. [Card in card](#card-in-card) provides a rich image option, with
an inset card providing the call to action for more information. [Feature card](#feature-card) highlights a piece of
content on the page, and should be used sparingly.

> As of Carbon's v11's update to [tile](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/usage/), clickable cards display a border to indicate their interactivity. Cards that are static will display no border.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Carbon Design System's v11 update to [tile](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/usage/), clickable cards display a border to indicate their interactivity. Cards that are static will display no border.
```
I think legally we have to spell out the full name :/
